The term stock market refers to several exchanges in which shares of publicly held companies are bought and sold. 
Such financial activities are conducted through formal exchanges and via marketplaces that operate under a defined set of regulations. 
The stock market allows buyers and sellers of securities to meet, interact, and transact. 
The markets allow for price discovery for shares of corporations and serve as a barometer for the overall economy. 
Buyers and sellers are assured of a fair price, high degree of liquidity, and transparency as market participants compete in the open market. 
Stock markets provide a secure and regulated environment where market participants can transact in shares and other eligible financial instruments with confidence, 
with zero to low operational risk. Operating under the defined rules as stated by the regulator, the stock markets act as primary markets and secondary markets.

Machine-learning technology powers many aspect of modern society: from web searches to content filtering on social networks to recommendations on e-commerce websites, 
and it is increasingly present in consumer products such as cameras and smartphones. Machine-learning systems are used to identify objects in images, 
transcribe speech into text, match news items, posts or products with users’ interests, and select relevant results of search. Increasingly, 
these applications make use of a class of techniques called deep learning. 
Conventional machine-learning techniques were limited in their ability to process natural data in their raw form. For decades, 
constructing a pattern-recognition or machine-learning system required careful engineering and considerable domain expertise to design a feature extractor 
that transformed the raw data (such as the pixel values of an image) into a suitable internal representation or feature vector from which the learning subsystem, 
often a classifier, could detect or classify patterns in the input. 
Representation learning is a set of methods that allows a machine to be fed with raw data and to automatically discover the representations needed for detection or classification.

Stock Price Prediction using machine learning helps you discover the future value of company stock and other financial assets traded on an exchange. 
The entire idea of predicting stock prices is to gain significant profits. Predicting how the stock market will perform is a hard task to do. 
There are other factors involved in the prediction, such as physical and psychological factors, rational and irrational behavior, and so on. 
All these factors combine to make share prices dynamic and volatile. This makes it very difficult to predict stock prices with high accuracy.

Decision Tree:

Decision Tree is a common supervised learning approach employed for both regression and classification problems. 
The goal of technique is forecasting a target by using easy decision rules shaped from the dataset and related features. 
Being easy to interpret or able to solve problems with different outputs are two advantages of using this model; on the contrary, 
constructing over-complex trees that cause overfitting is a typical disadvantage.

Random Forest:

Great number of decision trees make a random forest model. The model basically averages the forecast result of trees, which is named a forest. Also, 
the algorithm includes three random ideas, selecting training data randomly when forming trees, randomly choosing some subsets of variables when dividing nodes 
and deeming only a subset of all variables for splitting every node in each basic decision tree. 
Every basic tree learns from a random sample of the dataset during the training process of a random forest.

K Nearest Neighbors:

Two properties usually are suggested for KNN, lazy learning and non-parametric algorithm, because there is not any assumption for underlying data distribution by KNN.
The method follows some steps to find targets: Dividing dataset into training and test data, selecting the value of K, determining which distance function should be used,
choosing a sample from test data (as a new sample) and computing the distance to its n training samples, sorting distances gained and taking k-nearest data samples, 
and finally, assigning the test class to the sample on the majority vote of its k neighbors.
